What are writing modes?
A writing mode in CSS refers to whether the text is running horizontally or vertically. The writing-mode property lets us switch from one writing mode to another. You don't need to be working in a language which uses a vertical writing mode to want to do this — you could also change the writing mode of parts of your layout for creative purposes.

In the example below we have a heading displayed using writing-mode: vertical-rl. The text now runs vertically. Vertical text is common in graphic design, and can be a way to add a more interesting look and feel to your web design.

The three possible values for the writing-mode property are:

horizontal-tb: Top-to-bottom block flow direction. Sentences run horizontally.
vertical-rl: Right-to-left block flow direction. Sentences run vertically.
vertical-lr: Left-to-right block flow direction. Sentences run vertically.
So the writing-mode property is in reality setting the direction in which block-level elements are displayed on the page — either from top-to-bottom, right-to-left, or left-to-right. This then dictates the direction text flows in sentences.

						--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X--X


CSS grid.
column-gap	Specifies the gap between the columns
gap	A shorthand property for the row-gap and the column-gap properties
grid	A shorthand property for the grid-template-rows, grid-template-columns, grid-template-areas, grid-auto-rows, grid-auto-columns, and the grid-auto-flow properties
grid-area	Either specifies a name for the grid item, or this property is a shorthand property for the grid-row-start, grid-column-start, grid-row-end, and grid-column-end properties
grid-auto-columns	Specifies a default column size
grid-auto-flow	Specifies how auto-placed items are inserted in the grid
grid-auto-rows	Specifies a default row size
grid-column	A shorthand property for the grid-column-start and the grid-column-end properties
grid-column-end	Specifies where to end the grid item
grid-column-gap	Specifies the size of the gap between columns
grid-column-start	Specifies where to start the grid item
grid-gap	A shorthand property for the grid-row-gap and grid-column-gap properties
grid-row	A shorthand property for the grid-row-start and the grid-row-end properties
grid-row-end	Specifies where to end the grid item
grid-row-gap	Specifies the size of the gap between rows
grid-row-start	Specifies where to start the grid item
grid-template	A shorthand property for the grid-template-rows, grid-template-columns and grid-areas properties
grid-template-areas	Specifies how to display columns and rows, using named grid items
grid-template-columns	Specifies the size of the columns, and how many columns in a grid layout
grid-template-rows	Specifies the size of the rows in a grid layout
row-gap	Specifies the gap between the grid rows

						x--x--x--x--x--x--x--x--x--x
						
CSS Flex box

The following table lists all the CSS Flexbox Container properties:
Property	Description
align-content	Modifies the behavior of the flex-wrap property. It is similar to align-items, but instead of aligning flex items, it aligns flex lines
align-items	Vertically aligns the flex items when the items do not use all available space on the cross-axis
display	Specifies the type of box used for an HTML element
flex-direction	Specifies the direction of the flexible items inside a flex container
flex-flow	A shorthand property for flex-direction and flex-wrap
flex-wrap	Specifies whether the flex items should wrap or not, if there is not enough room for them on one flex line
justify-content	Horizontally aligns the flex items when the items do not use all available space on the main-axis.



The following table lists all the CSS Flexbox Items properties:

align-self	Specifies the alignment for a flex item (overrides the flex container's align-items property)
flex	A shorthand property for the flex-grow, flex-shrink, and the flex-basis properties
flex-basis	Specifies the initial length of a flex item
flex-grow	Specifies how much a flex item will grow relative to the rest of the flex items inside the same container
flex-shrink	Specifies how much a flex item will shrink relative to the rest of the flex items inside the same container
order	Specifies the order of the flex items inside the same container




Referral Links:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-design-and-develop-a-beautiful-blog-from-scratch-a0cd1af46845/
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/web-development-for-beginners-basic-html-and-css/
https://scrimba.com/learn/buildablog/course-introduction-cnbLPSK
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/css-grid-tutorial-with-cheatsheet/
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-css-handbook-a-handy-guide-to-css-for-developers-b56695917d11/
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-css-media-queries-to-create-responsive-websites/
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/css-position-property-explained/



























